And then we need the image side,
and this is using the DALI API,
the Image Creation API.
So let's go to the documentation,
the API reference,
and we're going to look for images.
Here we can just take
the example on Node.js.
We already have all the declaration
we just need to copy this
something like that.
You can see it's a response a waiting for
a cute baby see other
bonobo first the size.
We can make it smaller because
we don't need it that big.
And then what we need is to get the prompt
that we are sending from the app.
So similar to what we have done before,
we are going to get,
let's see first What's going on here?
So we're going to say,
the body, From the request,
the body, the prompt,
it's actually body dot prompt.
And we can send in one.
If you look at the API Let's go back here.
The n is the number of images to generate.
I don't want two, I want one.
Because we are not going
to see them manually.
So let's cross our fingers and
send the image directly to the user.
And finally, what we're going to
receive is not actually the image.
So it's not the image bytes.
We're going to receive the URL.
So we're going to respond back to
the client, back to the front-end,
a JSON with the URL Taking
from their response.
But their response is the data,
the data subzero dot URL,
how do I know that?
It should be in the sample.
Somewhere more down.
Because that's how you get into the URL,
like that.
So you get the data.
I think that should be good.
Okay.
So
the only difference that we are changing.
The function name that behind the scenes,
what's going on here is
that it's changing the endpoint and
the arguments and that's all.
So the library is just changing the
endpoint and making a normal HTTP request.
Well before testing this, we need
to solve to box that we have first.
In our prompt we are passing
the list of ingredients but
that's actually an object
because it's JSON.
So because this is a string, we should
stringify the list of ingredients.
And also it's not request.ingredients,
it's body.ingredients.
And also we need to do something similar,
stringify the recipe because
the recipe is also an object.
So I'm going to stringify
the recipe sample and
now we are ready to test this.
So back in our
Cooking Masters application,
I will type a list of ingredients
that I have just as chicken, avocado.
Bread, butter and eggs and
I will get a recipe with AI.
And now, our AI Chef is working.
This will take some seconds because
actually it's going to GPT first to get
the recipe and after that, It's going
to get robbed the image from Dali.
And finally, we have a beautiful chicken
avocado sandwich that has its own image.
And you can see it's part
of the same data structure.
So it's actually the UI.
It's getting the right name.
Type ingredients, the amount of
minutes that it takes I can get in.
And I can see the ingredients and
I can start cooking my chicken
avocado sandwich in four steps.
And I can go one by one.
So we actually got and
a structure data that was embeddable
by the artificial intelligence
based on user input.